Captain! Captain!
Is the airship safe?
Captain, there's only one more station.
Please help us.
What about the Mirara?
What about the Chiyu?
Hurry up and go to the airship!
Protect the airship with your life!
It's a raid!
What?
Captain!
They're all fighting on the ship!
Hey, Nonshi!
We're going to be friends!
That's right!
Kill the enemy on the ship!
What are you doing?
Take the bullets and shoot them!
We'll set the ship on fire!
I'll take the role!
You take the role!
Kill the enemy!
Nobuchi, shoot them!
Turn the gun to the left!
It's a trap!
I see smoke!
Shoot them all!
What's going on?
I'll take the role!
The enemy is coming!
Kill them!
What about the captain?
He's dead.
The airship is coming!
The enemy is coming!
We're going to destroy the ship!
It's all right now!
Shoot them!
Attack!
Prepare to be shot!
Shoot them!
Translated by Releska